my whole vs. can't come to New Age of
Heroes hey guys what's going on this is
Mike captain awesome dog from the game
heroes com and this weekend geek dotnet
with your classic game review many of us
have had conversations about who would
win in a fight like wolverine vs Thanos
or Ryu vs. guile but seriously who
thought of crossing things like Mega Man
vs Sakura well Capcom did and it was
amazing kicking ass and taking names
this game had it all when it was
released in two thousand in the arcades
and then ported in 2002 this is the
world of marvel vs capcom too easily one
of the coolest fighters ever created for
the arcades but also for the xbox ps2
and the dreamcast this game featured 56
characters from both the marvel universe
and Capcom games characters such as
resident evil's jill valentine and
strider and even the serve bought from
Mega Man Legends all made appearances in
this no-holds-barred fighter a
simplified Fighting's that will make
this game accessible to everyone who
want to play it from the casual to the
hardcore fights would be fast and
furious and of course super combos
galore would fly I mean it's not
impossible to see combos that would be
50 plus and hits and even beyond that
with insane characters like Iceman and
even mega man himself can't get enough
of mvc2 well you're in luck and thank
you ESRB for spilling the beans on this
one they've shown that two new entries
were made for the ps3 and the xbox 360
does this mean an arcade port with
online support or perhaps an HD updated
version either way we can't wait to play
them I would lose many nights playing
this game late night with friends surely
due to the amount of content that could
be on law such as extra characters and
artwork this was one of the best 2d
fighters ever made and can fetch a handy
price on ebay for someone who's just
discovering it
recently some prices have been over a
hundred and sixty bucks and that is
insane but well worth it in the end
still I'd love to see a mortal kombat vs
streetfighter now that game would be
about the only way you could possibly
follow this up perhaps Capcom will buy
the license from Midway as Midway tries
to stay afloat in closing it's a great
game if you see a cheap copy pop up on
ebay grab it or cross your fingers and
hope for that dlc release the best way
to wipe that smug look off a reused face
and with a giant freaking gun to the
face courtesy of Tony Stark aka Iron Man
oh yes you just got owned bit snack